 
 
 

 



 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home News Security New Dysphoria DDoS botnet spreads to 200k devices worldwide 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 New Dysphoria DDoS botnet spreads to 200k devices worldwide 
 
 
 By Bill Toulas 
 
 
 July 27, 2026 
 05:08 PM 
 
 0 
 
 
 
 
 


 A botnet called Dysphoria has compromised around 200,000 devices across the world and is using them for distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks and traffic relay operations. 


 According to QiAnXin XLab cybersecurity researchers, Dysphoria evolved from the ‘ jackskid ’ and ‘ fbot ' malware by adding a covert blockchain-based command-and-control (C2) resolution mechanism. 


 Specifically, the botnet uses Ethereum ENS and Solana SNS domains to retrieve infrastructure information, while C2 addresses are concealed inside fake IPv6 strings and recovered using a custom byte-transformation algorithm. 

 
 
 


 The researchers first spotted Dysphoria on March 25 and identified multiple iterations that added meaningful updates, such as a C2 acquisition algorithm, multi-chain support, new domains, and functional separation between the relaying and DDoS variants. 


 “Since the first quarter of 2026, XLAB has continuously tracked an emerging botnet family named Dysphoria, whose bot count exceeds 200,000,” reads XLab's report . 


 “In just a few months, the family has undergone frequent variant updates and technical iterations, demonstrating extremely strong resilience.” 


 The use of blockchain in C2 operations makes the overall infrastructure harder to trace and dismantle. 


 Based on the researchers' analysis, infected clients send a fixed 78-byte login and heartbeat packet back to the C2 and receive from the operator DDoS attack commands that include duration, type, targets, and configurable flags. 


 
 DDoS attack command Source: XLAB 

 In late June, XLab observed a variant that focused only on transforming infected devices into network proxies, and completely discarded the DDoS functionality. 


 The malware abuses UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) on the compromised device to create 155 port forwarding rules to expose internal services to inbound internet connections. 


 XLab's report notes that the botnet spreads through weak Telnet and SSH credentials and known vulnerabilities in routers, cameras, and various IoT devices. 


 Among the more recent flaws exploited are CVE-2025-55182 (“ React2Shell ”), CVE-2025-34152, CVE-2025-28137 (Totolink), and CVE-2025-9528 (Linksys). However, Dysphoria also targets older weaknesses that still persist in many devices, like CVE-2017-17215 (Huawei) and CVE-2020-8515 (DrayTek). 


 XLab monitored the botnet between July 14 and 20 and recorded a peak of 740,000 daily pings from infected hosts, 239,000 connections from overseas clients, and 1,800 from China. 


 The researchers confidently estimate that the number of infected devices is around 200,000 at this time. 


 Concerning the botnet’s firepower, its operators claim a maximum DDoS capacity of 4 Tbps on their clearnet site, which promotes the service as a legitimate stress-tester. 


 
 Dysphoria service website Source: BleepingComputer 

 Despite being significantly lower than the current record figure of 31.4 Tbps achieved by the Aisuru/Kimwolf botnet in December 2025, it is still enough to cause notable disruptions. 


 Users can protect against botnet infections by keeping their devices’ firmware up to date, changing the default administrator password, disabling remote access if not necessary, and strengthening the security settings where available/possible. 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Test every layer before attackers do 
 
 Security teams log 54% of successful attacks and alert on just 14%. The rest move through your environment unseen. The Picus whitepaper shows how breach and attack simulation tests your SIEM and EDR rules so threats stop slipping by detection. 
 Get the whitepaper 
 
 

 
 
 Related Articles: 
 AryStinger botnet infected thousands of D-Link routers worldwide China-linked JDY botnet expands targeting of U.S. military networks C0XMO botnet spreads via DD-WRT router flaw, kills rival malware Dutch govt disrupts malware botnet with 17 million infected devices Malicious 7-Zip site distributes installer laced with proxy tool 
 
 
 
 
 
 Botnet 

 China 

 DDoS 

 Dysphoria 

 Malware 

 Proxy 

 Router 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bill Toulas 
 Bill Toulas is a tech writer and infosec news reporter with over a decade of experience working on various online publications, covering open-source, Linux, malware, data breach incidents, and hacks.
 
 

 
 
 Previous Article 

 Next Article 

 

 
 
 
 Post a Comment Community Rules 
 
 You need to login in order to post a comment 
 Not a member yet? Register Now 
 
 

 
 You may also like: 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Popular Stories 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 OpenAI confirms ChatGPT is down worldwide 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Malicious sites use JavaScript to build malware in browser memory 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 ShinyHunters data leaks fuel $2,000 sextortion email scam 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 S ponsor Posts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AI agents can speed up ransomware attacks. See how Acronis helps reduce the risk. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Your Scanners Are Green. Your Pipeline Might Not Be. Here's How to Close the Gap. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Rev5 is ending. See what your FedRAMP 20x transition really requires 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Overdue a password health-check? Audit your Active Directory for free 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Uncover shadow AI apps, agents, and risky data sharing. Get started in 5 min. 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 


 

 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Username 
 
 
 
 Password 
 
 
 
 
 
 Remember Me 
 
 
 
 Sign in anonymously 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sign in with Twitter 
 
 Not a member yet? Register Now 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 Reporter 
 
 Help us understand the problem. What is going on with this comment? 
 
 
 
 
 Spam 
 
 
 Abusive or Harmful 
 
 
 Inappropriate content 
 
 
 Strong language 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 
 
 
 Read our posting guidelinese to learn what content is prohibited. 
 
 
 
 Submitting... 
 SUBMIT 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 