 
 
 
 
 



 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Blog 
 
 

 
 


 

 



 
 




 
 
 


 
 
 Products & Solutions 
 
 
 
 
 Secure Networking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Unified SASE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cloud Security 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Security Operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Operational Technology 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Threat Research 
 
 
 
 
 Threat Research 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PSIRT 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Thought Leadership 
 
 
 
 
 CISO Collective 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Industry Trends 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Security Architecture 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Corporate 
 
 
 
 
 Fortinet News & Updates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Customer Success Stories 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Life at Fortinet 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 
 



 


 
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 


 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 PSIRT Blogs 
 
 
 

 Analysis of Threat Actor Activity 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 By 

 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 Carl Windsor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 | April 10, 2025 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 As a driving force in the evolution of cybersecurity, Fortinet has long been at the forefront of the industry in embracing and advocating for cybersecurity best practices. We are committed to being a role model for ethical product development and vulnerability disclosure , which includes embracing responsible transparency, holding ourselves to robust disclosure practices, and adhering to international and industry-recognized standards. Fortinet continues to collaborate with the industry to develop and implement stronger practices and standards for the benefit of all our customers, including through ongoing threat research, delivering automatic upgrade features , cybersecurity training and education, and responsible and proactive communications about best practices and cyber hygiene. 
 Recent incidents continue to bring this into focus with active exploitations of known vulnerabilities as investigations by Fortinet have discovered a post exploitation technique used by a threat actor. 
 During this investigation, a threat actor was observed using known vulnerabilities (e.g. FG-IR-22-398 , FG-IR-23-097 , FG-IR-24-015 ) to gain access to Fortinet devices. The targeting of known, unpatched vulnerabilities by a threat actor is not new and has been previously examined ; this specific finding is the result of a threat actor taking advantage of a known vulnerability with a new technique to maintain read-only access to vulnerable FortiGate devices after the original access vector was locked down. Immediately upon discovery, we activated our PSIRT response efforts, developed necessary mitigations and have communicated with affected customers. We continue to work directly with those customers to ensure they have taken steps to remediate the issue. 
 Fortinet diligently balances our commitment to the security of our customers and our culture of responsible transparency and commits to sharing information with that goal in mind. The following describes the situation. 
 Description 
 A threat actor used a known vulnerability to implement read-only access to vulnerable FortiGate devices. This was achieved via creating a symbolic link connecting the user filesystem and the root filesystem in a folder used to serve language files for the SSL-VPN. This modification took place in the user filesystem and avoided detection. Therefore, even if the customer device was updated with FortiOS versions that addressed the original vulnerabilities, this symbolic link may have been left behind, allowing the threat actor to maintain read-only access to files on the device’s file system, which may include configurations. 
 Notably, if the customer has never had SSL-VPN enabled, then the customer is not impacted by this issue. 
 As part of our investigation, Fortinet performed scans to identify impacted devices using internal telemetry and in collaboration with third party organizations. The data indicates that this threat actor activity was not targeted to a specific region or industry. 
 Mitigation 
 Upon discovering the new technique used by the threat actor described above, Fortinet took steps to mitigate this issue and balance varying levels of cyber hygiene and challenges that the customer may face. Fortinet mitigation efforts included: 
 An AV/IPS signature was created to detect and clean this symbolic link from impacted devices. Changes were made to the latest releases to detect and remove the symbolic link and ensure the SSL-VPN only serves the expected files. Proactive communications urging customers to update their devices, carefully balancing our communications to protect against further inadvertent compromise while delivering on our commitment to responsible transparency. 
 Specific to the findings detailed in this blog, we have released multiple FortiOS mitigations, including: 
 FortiOS 7.4, 7.2, 7.0, 6.4: The symbolic link was flagged as malicious by the AV/IPS engine so that it would be automatically removed if the engine was licensed and enabled. FortiOS 7.6.2, 7.4.7, 7.2.11 & 7.0.17, 6.4.16: Upgrading to this release will remove the malicious symbolic link. FortiOS 7.6.2, 7.4.7, 7.2.11 & 7.0.17, 6.4.16: The SSL-VPN UI has been modified to prevent the serving of such malicious symbolic links. 
 We have communicated directly with customers identified as impacted by this issue based on the available telemetry and are recommending that they take the following steps: 
 Upgrade all devices to 7.6.2, 7.4.7, 7.2.11 & 7.0.17 or 6.4.16. Review the configuration of all devices. Treat all configuration as potentially compromised and follow the recommended steps below to recover: https://community.fortinet.com/t5/FortiGate/Technical-Tip-Recommended-steps-to-execute-in-case-of-a/ta-p/230694 
 
 Do I need to upgrade? 
 It is critically important for all organizations to keep their devices up to date. A variety of government organizations have reported state sponsored threat actors are targeting all vendors, including known but unpatched vulnerabilities. In general, the best defense against any known vulnerability is following good cyber hygiene practices, including upgrading. 
 The 2H 2023 Global Threat Landscape Report from FortiGuard Labs research found that threat actors are taking advantage of a known vulnerability on average 4.76 days after a new vulnerability was publicly disclosed. In this climate, both vendors and customers have a role to play. Vendors must introduce robust security scrutiny at all stages of the product development life cycle and dedicate themselves to responsible transparency in their vulnerability disclosures. With more than 40,000 vulnerabilities recorded in 2024 based on data provided by NIST, it is also critical that customers maintain a strict patching regimen to reduce the risk of exploitation. 
 With regard to this incident, we have communicated directly with identified impacted customers who need to take action based on available telemetry. However, we recommend all customers to upgrade to one of these recommended versions regardless. 
 Fortinet has also incorporated many changes to further enhance security features that address key customer challenges and are available for customers to take advantage of once upgraded to the latest release, including but not limited to: 
 Additional compile-time hardening to raise the barrier for attack on products. Virtual patching to allow mitigation of issues prior to patching. Implementation of firmware integrity validation in hardware (BIOS). Introduction of Integrity Measurement Architecture (IMA) / Filesystem Integrity . Auto-updates to seamlessly patch devices against vulnerabilities without administrator intervention. 
 Fortinet continues to encourage customers to leverage FortiOS best practice resources, including guidance for system hardening, as well as features that help customers automate the upgrade process, such as Uninterrupted Cluster Upgrade , Sub-second failover, Fail-over protection , Auto-restore configs / Configuration revisions , and Automatic / Scheduled patch upgrades . 


 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 


 
 
 
 Related Posts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PSIRT
 
 Proactive, Responsible Disclosure Is One Crucial Way Fortinet Strengthens Customer Security 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PSIRT
 
 Advancing Responsible Disclosure Efforts: A Q&A with Michael Daniel of Cyber Threat Alliance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PSIRT
 
 The Importance of Patching: An Analysis of the Exploitation of N-Day Vulnerabilities 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News & Articles 
 
 
 
 News Releases 
 
 
 
 News Articles 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Security Research 
 
 
 
 Threat Research 
 
 
 
 FortiGuard Labs 
 
 
 
 Threat Map 
 
 
 
 Ransomware Prevention 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Connect With Us 
 
 
 
 Fortinet Community 
 
 
 
 Partner Portal 
 
 
 
 Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 Product Certifications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Company 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 
 Exec Mgmt 
 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 
 Training 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 
 Industry Awards 
 
 
 
 Social Responsibility 
 
 
 
 CyberGlossary 
 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 
 Blog Sitemap 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright © 2026 Fortinet, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 Terms of Services 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 | Cookie Settings 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 





 


 

 block needs to be placed in the location where the link block will be displayed
 BE IXF: For your website, the location is above/below ...-->
 
 
 
 
 FORTINET: Cybersecurity everywhere you need it
 
 
 
 
 Also of Interest: What is Fortibleed? Analysis of CVE-2023-27997 and Clarifications... Analysis of Threat Actor Data Posting Product Security Advisory and Analysis:... 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

